---
id: 1405
title: ToDo for 2007
date: 2007-01-04T23:01:18+00:00
author: Niklas
layout: post
guid: http://protocol7.com/archives/2007/01/04/todo-for-2007/
permalink: /archives/2007/01/04/todo-for-2007/
tags:
  - Personal
---
<div class='microid-88c7614ff6ca856ab732adf772c9980bee371018'>
  <p>
    <a href="http://www.dehora.net/journal/2007/01/activity_list_for_2007.html">Bill de hóra</a> inspired me to do a list of goals for 2007. I&#8217;m pretty shitty at actually keeping these promises but I&#8217;ll have another go :-)
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Web hacking:</strong> recent years has been very focused on integration/SOA/messaging kind of stuff. So much I&#8217;m actually hungry from some web development again.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Release:</strong> <a href="http://cwiki.apache.org/FTPSERVER/">FtpServer 1.0</a> should be released. Some of the stuff in my private SVN repos should emerge in the open.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Scripting:</strong> get decent at at least one scripting language. I know JavaScript pretty well (due to earlier excursions into web hacking) but I would really need to refresh it, or get really good at Ruby like everyone else seems to.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Switch:</strong> The last three years I&#8217;ve been saying &#8220;this year I&#8217;ll switch to Linux as my main OS&#8221;. Thanks to Ubuntu, this year I actually think it might happen.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Blog more:</strong> well, that&#8217;s pretty self explanatory, 2006 was crap. Won&#8217;t be that hard to get better.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Discuss more:</strong> I&#8217;m a lurker on a ton of mailing lists and blogs. However, I do not post frequently on more then three or so. This should change, I should get more involved on the stuff I&#8217;m interested in.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Get to know more people:</strong> there&#8217;s a ton of people in this industry that I deeply respect. I should get to know more of them. This goal also includes <strong>going to more conferences</strong> in 2007 (the end result for 2006 was bad, 1).
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Read more books:</strong> last year was a terrible reading year for me, probably the low point for at least the last two decades. I read a ton of stuff on the web, but actually sitting down to read a book has a lot of additional values to me.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Catch up on biology:</strong> my university training was in molecular biology. Since switching field I feel like I&#8217;m quickly forgetting stuff I knew by heart before. This year I will start reading more on biology and science in general again.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Spend more time outdoors:</strong> this year I&#8217;m really going to drag Eva and Albin out to do more trekking and hiking than last year. Not that hard given that we didn&#8217;t do any thing at all.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Do continuous exercise:</strong> last summer got pretty hectic when we decided on doing the Swedish mountain bike marathon and I realized I wasn&#8217;t nearly fit enough for it. Since we&#8217;re doing it again this year, I should keep up the training for the entire year.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Finish games:</strong> right now I got five or so console games that I&#8217;m in the middle of. I really need to finish them so I can move on to Wii :-) Here I&#8217;ll also include getting <strong>stable at Prince level</strong> in Civ4.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    &nbsp;
  </p>
  
  <p>
    I&#8217;ll follow up on these in a year. This is my first list like this so it will be interesting to see how I do.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    &nbsp;
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <strong>Update:</strong> <a href="http://dannyayers.com/2007/01/05/plans-for-2007">Danny adds his plans</a>
  </p>
</div>