---
id: 1552
title: Todos for 2008
date: 2008-01-21T23:46:21+00:00
author: Niklas
layout: post
guid: http://protocol7.com/archives/2008/01/21/todos-for-2008/
permalink: /archives/2008/01/21/todos-for-2008/
tags:
  - Personal
---
<div class='microid-613c4b343d7a01f781bbd335d95f4e871a6cfc25'>
  <p>
    Alright, it&#8217;s about time to write up my todos for this year. Last year <a href="http://protocol7.com/archives/2008/01/02/state-of-the-todos/">I did okay</a>, but not great. This year, it&#8217;s time to improve a notch. Also, this year I intend to actually put a quantifiable goal on some of the todos. So without further ado.
  </p>
  
  <h3>
    Diversify my tasks at work
  </h3>
  
  <p>
    While I already started down this road in the end of 2007 by switching employer, this year is important for me. I hope to do projects of a wider variety than before.
  </p>
  
  <h3>
    Finish up my reference application
  </h3>
  
  <p>
    I got this reference application that I&#8217;ve used for prototyping new technologies. However, it needs a heavy face lift to really provide me with enough code and functionality to try out some of the more complex stuff, right now for example Spring-OSGI^H^H^H^H Dynamic Modules.
  </p>
  
  <h3>
    Learn Scala and dive deeper into Ruby
  </h3>
  
  <p>
    I&#8217;m very interested in the concurrency models of languages like Erlang and Scala. And since Scala is syntactically closer to my background, it&#8217;s my choice. For this year, I intend to learn the basics, port my reference app and maybe start up a new open-source project based on Scala. For now I won&#8217;t talk more on that, but I got an interesting idea that I would like to try out.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Ruby is my favorite scripting language and this year I hope to start using it for production code rather than play projects.
  </p>
  
  <h3>
    Blog more
  </h3>
  
  <p>
    This one keeps coming back each year. But then again, I really need it. For this year, I intend to write 150 posts. That&#8217;s very ambitious for me, but should be doable.
  </p>
  
  <h3>
    Participate more
  </h3>
  
  <p>
    I had this goal last year and did terrible. This year, again, I intend to be less of a lurker and participate more in discussions that interest me. This includes mailing lists, conferences and personal meetings.
  </p>
  
  <h3>
    Exercise regularly
  </h3>
  
  <p>
    Here I did real good last year. This year, <a href="http://flickr.com/photos/protocol7/2125598756/">with two kids</a>, I realize I won&#8217;t be able to get out as much. However, I still hope for 80 sessions, most of which will be MTB.
  </p>
  
  <h3>
    Get back into DJing
  </h3>
  
  <p>
    I love DJing. So do Eva. But for some years now, we haven&#8217;t had any turntables. With the move to our new house, we now get some space for having a set. This will be the enjoyable goal of all to accomplish.
  </p>
  
  <h3>
    Cook more and better
  </h3>
  
  <p>
    I also love cooking food. But, I tend to get a bit boring, doing that same old dishes all the time. This year, with a great new kitchen, I will experiment more.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    We&#8217;re pretty good at buying ecological food. Being vegetarians, that means vegetables. This year I intend to get even better at choosing ecological and locally produced products whenever possible.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Now, what are your goals for 2008?
  </p>
</div>